[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged all
present to a game.
Amidst the chaos, he also
put prices on the heads
of Luffy and his allies, turning
the entire kingdom against them.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[LUFFY]
Octopus Stamp!
[LUFFY yelling]
[NARRATOR] Burning with anger,
Law reveals his sobering motive.
The only reason I'm alive now
is thanks to Cora!
But I'm grateful to you, too.
You gave me the power I need
to kick your ass, after all.
[NARRATOR]
It was 16 years in the past
that Law and Doflamingo's
complicated relationship began.
[NARRATOR]
Having lost everything,
Law approached the
Don Quixote Family.
Wishing only for destruction,
he asks to join their crew.
It was then that he met Corazon.
[LAW]
There. It's Corazon.
It's not fair that
my parents, my sister,
and my friends
from the church died
when this idiot
is allowed to live!
I'll do this quietly
and go unnoticed.
Nobody will care...
...if one scumbag goes missing!
[COMMONER A] They're a family
of Celestial Dragons!
[COMMONER C]
Let's hang them!
[COMMONER A] They're "former"
Celestial Dragons!
The Navy won't care
if we kill them!
They'll just look the other way.
[COMMONER B] We finally
have a chance to retaliate
against them! I never
thought I'd see the day!
[COMMONER C] Let's break
their bones with a hammer!
[COMMONER D]
Shower them in arrows!
[COMMONER A]
Wait! Don't kill 'em yet!
We need to keep them alive,
so they can really suffer!
Yeah! Burn in hell!
[COMMONER N] Show them no mercy!
This is our revenge!
Listen bastards!
You took my two sons from me!
They were innocent children!
They just walked in front of
a Celestial Dragon, that's all!
But they paid the ultimate
price! How's that even fair?
My daughter was their slave.
She barely escaped
her captors alive!
She came home devastated,
and killed herself
three days later!
I too suffered as a slave.
My... My eyes.
Because of you, I am blind!
I'll never get to
see my wife again!
You! You treated us
like animals,
so why should we
give a damn, huh?
[COMMONER I]
Because of the Heavenly Tribute
we must forfeit to you,
our beautiful nation
succumbed to famine!
Have you ever been
hungry a day in your life?
Our people are dying
from starvation!
You're all like gods,
aren't you?
If that's true, you won't die.
So I can shoot you all I want!
[DOFLAMINGO screams]
--Doffy!
You monsters! We're human!
But you treat us like we're
nothing more than insects!
Have you ever known grief,
even once in your life?
Have you felt agony?
Well, we're gonna
show it to you!
[COMMONERS shouting]
[crying]
[inaudible]
[DOFLAMINGO gasps]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
[ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Cu-lick.
[DOFLAMINGO]
What is it?
Law did what?
[DOFLAMINGO]
All right.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Cu-lick.
[DOFLAMINGO sighs]
[BOTH gasp]
[WORLD NOBLE A]
Have you gone mad, St. Homing?
Surely, you haven't
thought this through!
[WORLD NOBLE B]
Why would a man in your position
reject your divine right
to live as a human?
But we are human, are we not?
[WORLD NOBLE A]
Don't include us in that
ludicrous statement, you fool!
You take that right back!
That accusation's blasphemy!
You filthy traitor!
We've always known you
to be a raving heretic!
[WORLD NOBLE D]
He's right. You're a traitor!
You may say what you like.
I love humans.
Their efforts charm me.
I find their
lifestyle enchanting.
That's why I would like to
step down from my status.
I believe the experience
will be fulfilling.
[WORLD NOBLE B gasps]
Have you lost your mind?
[WORLD NOBLE A]
How obscene!
[WORLD NOBLE C]
Leave Marie Jois at once!
[GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL A]
This is as far as we are
permitted to take you.
We're in the northern
end of our parameters
and approaching
a region unaffiliated
with the World Government.
Your living quarters
and belongings
have been prepared for you.
[HOMING] Thank you. This should
be more than adequate.
[GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL A]
Now, please hand over
your Celestial Dragon ID chips.
Well, this is it,
we'll live humbly.
This should be fun. Right?
Indeed! Shall we unpack?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Where are the slaves, Daddy?
Shouldn't they be the ones
to unpack? It's their job.
If they ran away,
we should buy some new ones.
[HOMING sighs]
Doffy. Rosinante.
Things will be
different from now on.
I must teach you.
[DOFLAMINGO'S MOTHER]
My, don't you look handsome.
--No!
--[BOTH gasp]
I'm not a slave!
I won't wear this crap!
Come on, son.
No, you come on!
This is peasants-ware!
Plus I'll stink
if I wear this junk!
[HOMING]
I'm gonna need you to calm down.
We're humans from
this day forward.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Humans?
Uh-huh, from now on,
we shall leave our old
lives back in Marie Jois.
A simpler life will be
much more fulfilling.
True wealth lies here.
[COMMONER J]
Here are your apples, ma'am.
Hello there! I would like to
purchase some fruit please.
Oh. Sure! You new here?
Yes! We are!
We just arrived here from Marie
Jois to be honest with you.
I'm Don Quixote Homing.
Pleased to meet you.
[BOTH gasp]
[COMMONERS gasp]
Did he say Marie Jois?
[COMMONER J]
Are you a Celestial Dragon then?
We're humans now.
Please, don't worry.
Our titles were cast off.
We came here to start a new life
and make friends with you all!
Fools! Listen!
You must kneel! Show me respect!
Someone go fetch me my gun!
Who do you think I am?
You buffoons shouldn't
mess with me!
[COMMONER A]
Where are the Celestial Dragons?
[COMMONER E]
Find them!
[COMMONER C]
Let's hang 'em!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Um, Daddy?
Why are they not
kneeling before me?
[HOMING gasps]
[COMMONER A] They're not here!
They must have fled. Find them!
They can't have gone too far!
Make it a slow death!
We want them to suffer!
[COMMONERS]
Yeah!
[COMMONER A]
We're gonna to take out
centuries of revenge
on that family!
[COMMONERS]
Yeah!
[COMMONER L]
That's them!
[COMMONER A]
Don't let them escape!
--Oh no, Doffy!
--Doffy!
[DOFLAMINGO gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO] Daddy, why?
Everyone is coming after us!
[HOMING] On the bright side,
at least the rain let up.
And we seem to have lost track
of the angry mob chasing us.
Let's stay put
for the time being.
[DOFLAMINGO]
I refuse!
How can you expect us to
live in this filthy box?
There are bugs everywhere,
and this rotten stench
is gonna make me hurl!
[DOFLAMINGO snoring]
[COMMONER A] They must still
be nearby! Find that family!
[HOMING gasps]
[COMMONER A]
They're gonna die!
We should leave. Quickly.
[HOMING]
I could have never predicted
this would turn out so poorly.
I was far too optimistic.
So please. Just take us back.
Even just my wife and children.
They deserve to return,
at the very least.
[HOMING] I fear if we stay here
any longer, we'll be slain.
[WORLD NOBLE A] What has been
abandoned cannot be returned.
You chose this life
for yourself.
And don't you dare
call us again.
You worthless human filth.
[HOMING]
W-Wait! I beg you!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B]
Cu-lick.
[PIRATES chuckle]
Damn bread thieves!
[PIRATES laughing]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Daddy...
For the first time
in my life, I feel pain.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Daddy.
For the first time
in my life, I'm hungry.
[DOFLAMINGO] Eat up quick, Rocy!
Before someone comes!
[DOFLAMINGO] Mommy,
we brought you some food.
[DOFLAMINGO'S MOTHER]
Doffy. Rocy.
[DOFLAMINGO'S MOTHER coughs]
[ROSINANTE, DOFLAMINGO]
You okay?
I'm sorry, boys. I feel unwell.
[DOFLAMINGO'S MOTHER coughs]
[ROSINANTE crying]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Daddy. Mother... is dead.
[COMMONER M]
We found 'em!
Not my boys! Have mercy!
They're children. Let them go!
Please! Please!
[HOMING crying]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Daddy!
You bastard!
You did this to us!
[GIOLLA] Young Master,
we have apprehended Law.
It seems like the boy was
trying to make a run for it.
Dammit! Let me go!
At the port. Tried flee-een'.
[BUFFALO]
What kinda punishment
do you think they'll
use on him, huh?
Dunno. Sure feel bad
for him, though.
[gasps]
[LAW]
Corazon!
Damn! That didn't take him out!
Now they gonna
kill me for nothing.
I thought bribing Buffalo with
ice cream would cover it up.
But that scumbag
Cora ratted me out!
I could have sworn I stabbed
him right through his body!
But he's acting like
nothing happened!
[DOFLAMINGO] Law. I called you
to discuss something.
Can you guess?
I wanted to welcome you to the
Don Quixote Family, officially.
Congrats, kid.
[LAW]
Huh?
[BUFFALO]
Huh?!
Welcome home, Law!
[GIOLLA]
Ahh.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Just looking at you,
I can tell you've been
through hell and back.
You have that hate-filled
glare in your eyes.
[DOFLAMINGO] I think you'll have
a lot to offer our Family.
[GIOLLA laughs]
You hear that! Lovely!
Young Master is a brilliant
judge of character!
[LAW] Does he not know about
me stabbing Corazon yet?
Why not?
He could have just written it
out on a piece of paper for him.
[LAW]
What exactly is he planning?
Yeah, whatever.
I got three years,
and then I'm gonna die.
The end. Done.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Maybe. Depends on your luck.
[LAW]
Luck?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Allow me to explain.
We're what you'd call
"experts" in the black market,
and one of our fields
is Devil Fruits.
Their powers are vast,
sometimes beyond
human comprehension.
Meaning, there may
be a Devil Fruit
that could cure your condition.
Devil Fruits, huh?
[DOFLAMINGO] So what?
You have three years left!
Who knows how many Devil Fruits
we'll find in that time.
And one of them just might have
a life-altering
solution for you.
But for the time being,
I'd like to train you
to be my right-hand man.
Ten years from now.
[ROSINANTE coughs]
[DOFLAMINGO]
What happened?
[BUFFALO gasps]
[LAW gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Stabbed by an enemy?
You take care of 'em?
Very good then.
Now, patch that up.
[LAW]
Did Cora just cover for me?
[LAW] Why? What's
going on in his head?
We'll head towards Reverse
Mountain in the South.
I'd like to keep
moving our base,
expand our network on the way.
[BABY 5]
C'mon, we told our real names.
So what? It's not like I asked.
Aww, lame! You meanie.
Why does it matter?
I'll be dead soon enough.
Maybe. You're paler.
You feel sick?
I'm fine for now, I guess.
But before too long,
I'll be gone.
In that case,
it's one more reason to
reveal your real name!
Just say it!
Or I'll tell everyone
that you stabbed Cora!
Spit it out!
It's Trafalgar D. Water Law.
[BABY 5, BUFFALO]
Huh?
Tell no one.
I'm actually not supposed to
let people hear my full name.
So just stick to "Law."
I don't use code names like you.
I just hide some parts.
Like "D." That's secret.
My true name is "Water."
For generations, my family...
'Kay, we get it. This is boring.
We don't care.
[LAW] I only told you because
you were harassing me!
[LAW gasps]
H-Hey, what are you doing?
What's the big deal,
Corazon? Let go of me!
Aww. He's gonna get
beat up again.
Cora looked scarier
than usual. Uh-oh.
[LAW] What's your problem,
stupid jerk? Let's hear it!
Wanna fight? Then face me!
What you just said. Was it true?
Uh... Who said that?
[ROSINANTE]
Your secret name's "D."?
If that's right, you need to
get the hell outta here.
Away from Doffy.
Law! Listen. You cannot
be around him.
You have to get out of here!
[gasps]
[NARRATOR] With less than
a year left on Law's diagnosis,
he and Corazon
set off on a journey
in search of a doctor to cure
his White Lead Disease.
After a long, painful road
full of rejections,
Corazon suddenly
breaks into tears
and an unbreakable bond is
formed between the unlikely duo.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Rocky Road!
Law and Corazon's
Journey of Life!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!